if you saw my video where I did a
makeover with Susie rainbow Susie she
wore a very similar but was said that
she got off the website so this is
another one that I have it's really
really beautiful I've got it high up on
the neckline you can see straight away
that you could wear this with a Western
gown laughs just got on a velvet
floor-length gown but it's also suitable
for any Indian Jorian with this if I was
wearing it with western jewellery I
wouldn't wear it with the earrings that
came with I probably just get some small
pearl danglies because you don't want to
take the attention away from there from
the necklace but I love the way this
particular set just comes around I sort
of just curves around in that really
flattering shape so works well with the
high swoop the neckline that I've got on
my dress but you can also wear it down
lower if you like as well you don't have
to wear it up high really comfortable
very very fluid it molds to your body
the earrings are like these and then
look at that so they've got the sorrows
in them so it's already just by having
this iris on the mix I'm a very sort of
WoW piece suitable for bridal jewellery
absolutely and then it has a big table
which is exactly the same as the
earrings but - the earring posts so like
that and with the earrings and the
neutral coloring on this makes this
wearable with any color outfit that's
got to die Monte work and gold or even
pearl work in it so really really
beautiful very very very afford these
are very affordable pieces and I'm just
going to bring you close up so you can
see how the finish is and and and how
this piece moves as I move actually
sticking my bottom out in the air here
cuz I'm kind of punched over the camera
you hear my builder they're gonna allow
my it's against the black here it just
really really stands out but then
against my skin as well it just looks
beautiful so you can see it's gonna go
well with any car like is the sort of
satin finish on those little billions
there that edge the pendant I think
they're quite pretty and quite rare as
well in Indian jewelry so here's another
one of the same type with just a slight
variation in design I've worn it up
quite high I just think it sets off
really beautifully necklace with it
slightly lower down my neck if I'm not
mistaken the one that Suzy had was this
one I had a few of these ones because
they're just so dainty and so pretty and
I really like the finish of them the
earrings are just like the pendant here
and if you want to wear higher up in the
neck like Suzy did then you know this is
so beautiful to interested in any of
these pieces you'll find a link on my
website below thank you for watching and
I'll see you guys soon bye